c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\Natto.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\Natto.Tests.dll
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\Natto.Tests.pdb
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\Natto.dll
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\Natto.pdb
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\obj\Debug\Natto.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\obj\Debug\Natto.Tests.dll
c:\users\natapon.cbk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\obj\Debug\Natto.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Natapon.CBK\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\Natto.Services.dll
C:\Users\Natapon.CBK\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\Natto.Models.dll
C:\Users\Natapon.CBK\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\Natto.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Natapon.CBK\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Natapon.CBK\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\Natto.Services.pdb
C:\Users\Natapon.CBK\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\Natto.Models.pdb
C:\Users\Natapon.CBK\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\Natto.Infrastructure.pdb
C:\Users\Natapon.CBK\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Natto\Natto.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
